# Angular Version Tracking
New angular versions are released frequently. The angular-cli tool includes
a "generate" feature that can be used to build base angular source code that
can be used as skeleton boilerplate code to modify and build on top of.

As the angular framework is developed there can be new changes made to these
generated base templates, and so want to be able to track them, so we have
an awareness and can incorporate changes into our existing templates as
desired. 

## Git repo structure
The master branch contains generic instructions. For each angular-cli
release that we inspect, we will create a new git orphan branch which 
will contain the output of a set of basic "ng generate" commands.

We can then used this output to inspect the difference from one release
to the next.

## Creating a new branch for a new angular-cli release
* Use "git branch -a" to see a list of the branches.
* Install the latest angular: "npm install -g @angular/cli".
* Run "ng --version" to see if there's a newer version that doesn't have a git branch yet.
* Create a git orphan branch for the new version. "git checkout --orphan angular-cli-X.X.X".
* Delete the files from the working folder and index "git rm -rf .".
* "rm -fr angular-tour-of-heroes" to delete the ng app if it exists in your working area.

Run:
```
ng --version > ng-version.txt
ng help > ng-help.txt
ng new angular-tour-of-heroes
cd angular-tour-of-heroes
ng update --all
ng generate component heroes
ng generate service hero
ng generate module app-routing --flat --module=app
cd ..
git add *
git commit -m "Exec ng commands using angular-cli-X.X.X"
```

* Compare the directory contents of the latest and previous version. 
